TELCODOCS-1165 - Support multiple storage/device classes (#56366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-creating-an-logical-volume-manager-cluster.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="lvms-creating-lvms-cluster_{context}"]
= Creating a Logical Volume Manager cluster on a {sno} worker node

You can configure a {sno} worker node as a Logical Volume Manager cluster.
On the control-plane {sno} node, {lvms} detects and uses the additional worker nodes when the new nodes show up.

[NOTE]
====
When you create a Logical Volume Manager cluster, `StorageClass` and `LVMVolumeGroup` resources work together to provide dynamic provisioning of storage.
`StorageClass` CRs define the properties of the storage that you can dynamically provision.
`LVMVolumeGroup` is a specific type of persistent volume (PV) that is backed by an LVM Volume Group.

> `LVMVolumeGroup` CRs provide the backend storage for the persistent volumes that you create.

Reviewer: IBM Style suggests "back-end" (usually hyphenated) - I found both hyphenated and non-hyphenated versions in the OCP docs repo - more hyphenated than not, so I'm not sure about this particular usage. 
```suggestion
`LVMVolumeGroup` CRs provide the back-end storage for the persistent volumes that you create.
```
